[CI-SKIP] Add PR rebasing steps (#5634)
PaperSpigot/Paper: CONTRIBUTING.md

   - This will modify the appropriate patches based on your commits.
1. PR your modified patch file(s) back to this repository.

> ## Rebasing PRs

Reviewer: Needs to be added to TOC.

> ## Rebasing PRs
> Steps to rebase a pr to include the latest changes from `master`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Rebasing PRs

Steps to rebase a pr to include the latest changes from `master`.
```

> 1. Pull latest changes from upstream's master; `git checkout master && git pull`.

Reviewer: We use Markdown's magic list numbering stuff all over this file already, so use only `1.` for all entries here.

> 1. Pull latest changes from upstream's master; `git checkout master && git pull`.

Reviewer: This assumes that upstream is `origin`, which is not always the case (rarely for me, in fact). Make it clear.

Reviewer 2: Does it? Upstream would always refer to the Paper repository for a fork, since that's literally the definition of upstream in this case. Origin would be the fork itself in this case.

The only case where this doesn't apply is for the team members but I guess clarification is never a bad thing

Reviewer: In all forks I do, `upstream` is the repository I forked, and `origin` is my own fork repository. This is not an uncommon setup, so what we assume here should either be explicit, or it should explicitly define what remote it fetches from (i.e. `git checkout origin/master`).

Reviewer 3: I agree that we should make it clearer, however, if we do so, upstream should be PaperMC/Paper and origin Your/Paper. I think that's what the majority of users (not dev team) use.

> 1. Pull latest changes from upstream's master; `git checkout master && git pull`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Pull latest changes from upstream's master: `git checkout master && git pull`.
```

This is perfect usecase for colons.

2. Checkout feature/fix branch and rebase on master; `git checkout patch-branch && git rebase master`.

> 3. Apply updated patchs; `./paper p`.

Reviewer 2: typo on `patches`, or was that intended?

4. If there are conflicts, fix them.

> 5. If your PR creates new patches (not just modifies existing ones), in both the `Paper-Server` and `Paper-API` directories:
>     1. Ensure your newly-created patch is the last commit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. If your PR creates new patches instead of modifying existing ones, in both the `Paper-Server` and `Paper-API` directories ensure that:
    1. Your newly-created patch is the last commit.
```

>     2. If not, `git rebase -i upstream/upstream` and move the commits to the end.

Reviewer 4: am I the only one who finds renaming the files to 1000-my-patch.patch and doing a round of patch and rebuild easier? :D

Reviewer 5: No, one of my pr's doing that. because I'm to lazy to do such things above. 🤣 
probably 400 and 900 are a little low now. 🤣 

My workflow:

1. Look at master where patches are around.
2. increase both patch numbers in my pr if necessary
3. `git commit --amend`
4. `git pull --rebase origin master`
5. `git push origin feature/ma-wonderfull-feature -f`

>     2. If not, `git rebase -i upstream/upstream` and move the commits to the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. If not, `git rebase --interactive upstream/upstream` and move the commits to the end.
```

Be a little extra verbose in guides such as these.

   - This will modify the appropriate patches based on your commits.
1. PR your modified patch file(s) back to this repository.

## Rebasing PRs

> Steps to rebase a pr to include the latest changes from `master`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Steps to rebase a PR to include the latest changes from `master`.  
```
We use uppercase PR everywhere else.

> These steps assume the `origin` remote is your fork of this repository and `upstream` is this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These steps assume the `origin` remote is your fork of this repository and `upstream` is the official PaperMC repository.
```

1. Pull latest changes from upstream's master: `git checkout master && git pull upstream master`.
1. Checkout feature/fix branch and rebase on master: `git checkout patch-branch && git rebase master`.
1. Apply updated patches: `./paper patch`.
1. If there are conflicts, fix them.
1. If your PR creates new patches instead of modifying exist ones, in both the `Paper-Server` and `Paper-API` directories, ensure your newly-created patch 

>    is the last commit either by:
>     1. Renaming the patch file with a large 4 digit number in front (e.g. 9999-Patch-to-add-some-new-stuff.patch) OR
>    1. Run `git rebase --interactive upstream/upstream` and move the commits to the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   is the last commit by either:
   * Renaming the patch file with a large 4 digit number in front (e.g. 9999-Patch-to-add-some-new-stuff.patch).
   * Run `git rebase --interactive upstream/upstream` and move the commits to the end.
```

We want a normal list as these are selections, not steps.
